♪ Hidden from the world until this fateful hour
♪ It’s been assumed this is how things were meant to be
♪ With this incident, witness my true power
♪ And I’ll have everybody looking up to me
The world will know there’s not just one top sage here anymore
So you’ve dealt with spring and winter, but I’ll show you all four
A long history to unravel, and you’d best fill in the gaps
Since I’m not the kind of amateur who’s falling for your traps
When I take the stage like this, most certainly, theatrics suit me
I’ve prepared so long behind the scenes, there’s no way to uproot me
I’m creating youkai life; you waste it napping for no reason
And those lazy types of characters are ages out of season
♪ God of too many things to list…  (But I’m sure you will.)
From earth unto the stars, in any form to exist.  (Not one that doesn’t still?)
Your vulgar interruptions speak in volumes.  If you ask me
With that personality, it’s no surprise they call you nasty.  (Ohoho…  Why, thank you.)
Round two…
Begin!
♪ In that space concealed between the night and day
♪ Is a potential more than even you can tell
♪ Cause your stir for now, but I shall find a way
♪ Don’t forget seasons have their boundaries as well
When I thought it was enough to see you once, speak of the devil
Although you may have two stages, I’m on a whole other level:
As the mistress of Phantasm, an entire dream’s reality
The back door, if you will, to one world’s common sense mentality
While you just leave the dirty work up to your tiny dancers
My most faithful shikigami come home first with all the answers
Now it doesn’t mean that much to me, your sudden reappearing
I will always be the one thing humans never stop fearing
♪ Once my realm, so it is forever…  (That’s quite a bet.)
But I suppose that, long ago, we did work together…  (Did you forget?)
Of course I must recall my dear apprentice, after all
For providing entertainment as I built our great wall.  (What?  Liar!)
♪ I’ll admit, your theme at least is elegant…
But, sparing a comparison to you, it’s not so relevant
I don’t suppose someone inspired you in its development?
I understand you operate by many names and visions
Yes, how many of them yet are being used without permission?
As your bullets dance in particles and waves, they draw suspicion
And I recognize your sense of style from last year’s lunar mission
I’m shocked you think you’re one to talk about familiar faces;
If I trace this, some would say your style has quite the humble basis
I can see your secrets, and I thought you’d say the more the merrier
But I’ll still be the only me on both sides of the barrier
That’s quite enough.  This battle’s victor is the last one heard
And there’s only one of us who’s ever had a Last Word
Till now.  Times are changing, and the truth has come about
So don’t let the back door hit you on your way out!