Drop! (Baby, baby, baby)
Drop!
Drop!
Drop!
Drop!
Let me freak the funk, obsolete is the punk
That talks more junk than Sanford sells
I jet propel at a rate that complicate their mental state
As I invade their masquerade, they couldn't fade with a clipper blade
Ten years in the trade is not enough, you can't cut it
I let you take a swing, and you bunted for an easy out
I leave emcees with doubt of exceeding
My name is Bootie Brown, and I'm proceeding, leading
They try to follow, but they shallow and hollow
I can see right through them like an empty 40 bottle of O.E. 
They have no key or no clue
To the game at all, now they washed up, hung out to dry
Standin' looking stupid, wondering why (Why, man?!)
It was the fame (Fame!) – that they tried to get
Now they walking around, talkin' about "represent"
And "keep it real," but I got to appeal
'Cause they existing in a fantasy when holding the steel
Drop!
Drop!
Drop!
Drop!
Drop!
Drop!
Rock-a-bye baby (Baby)
Listen to your heartbeat pumping to a fine (Fine)
Ravine of all things, it's the vein of a shrine (Shrine)
All missions impossible are possible 'cause I'm (Possible 'cause I'm)
Headed for a new sector
Three-sixty-five days from now, I'll wipe the sweat from my eye
And each and every true will stick, or fall from the skies (Sky)
Of my cloud nine (Nine)
From homies all the way to chicks, no matter how fine (Fine)
Controlling is a swollen way to wreck a proud mind
You hold it in your hands and watch a man start crying (Start crying)
Tear after tear, in the puppet man's hands (Uh)
Every time you take a stance, you do the puppet man's dance (Puppet man's dance)
And the world's at a standstill (Still), deep in broken-man's-ville
Trapped in the moat (Shit is ill) with an anvil, still (Still)
Killing yourself (Uh-huh), and doggin' ya health
You ain't amphibious, so grab a hold of yourself
Shit is— shit is ill
But through my will, my flow still will spill
Toxic slick to shock sick, like electrocute
When I execute – acutely over the rhythm
On those that pollute, extra dosages is what I gotta give 'em
Got 'em mad and tremblin'
'Cause I been up in my lab assemblin'
Missiles – to bomb the enemy
Because they envy me and the making of my mad currency (Mad currency)
Currently, I think we're in a state of an emergency (Say what?)
'Cause niggas done sold their souls and now their souls is hollow
And I think they can't follow (Follow)
They can't swallow the truth because it hurts (Hurts)
This is how I put it down, this is my Earth, my turf (Turf)
The worth of my birth is a billion
And you know what time it is, I'm gonna make a million
Yeah, you know what time is it
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what time is it (Drop)
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what time is it (Drop)
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what time (Drop)
So divine
I got the supersonic shit that'll blow your mind (Drop)
Believe it or not, it's so divine (Drop)
I got the supersonic shit that'll blow your mind (Drop)
We all like to welcome you to this here flight
Believe it or not (Drop)
Ha... now entering fifty-thousand feet (I got the supersonic shit that'll blow your mind) (Drop)
Get you higher than the sky (Drop)
All day and all night (Drop)
You have to enjoy the ride (Drop)
You've got to enjoy the ride now (Drop)
This is gonna (Drop) last at least five minutes of your time (Drop) (Huh, shit is crazy)
But a whole (Drop) (That's right) lifetime (Wow, shit is crazy, crazy) (Drop)
Of the real rides (Drop)
(Drop) Now, if you are to look out your right window
You will see a map (Drop)
(Drop) There's Labcabincalifornia right over there (Jay Dee) (Drop)
We're just now flying over Hollywood (Drops)
Getting a good glimpse now (Drop) (Cuts, Pharcyde)
(Drop) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha (Drop, drop)
Hold on now (Infinity) (Drop)
A little turbulence, a little turbulence (Infinite and forever dropping these nuts) (Drop, drop, drop)
We're going down, we're going down (Drop)
Where's Quinton? (Drop)
M-Walk? (Drop)
Looks like you're gonna have to grab the parachutes (I think I'm going outta my mind)
It's time to drop down on Labcabincalifornia (Outta my mind) (Drop)
That'll be the spot
We just blew an engine
We're going down
It's going down
It's going down
It's going down
It's going down
(Only the real survive) Only the real survive
(So now we gotta drop it) Only the real survive
(So now we gotta drop it) Survive, only the real survive
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
Drop!
Drop!
(Yeah, infinity)
Thousand feet
Nine-hundred feet
Five-hundred feet
Zero
Ground zero