Yeah, what's up, y'all, what's up?
This is Ghostface, straight from Staten Island
You know, I don't really mean no harm
But it just happens, you know
When out step approach a motherfuckin' wack nigga
That tryin' to spit his darts and can't spit 'em
Check it out though... ayo!
Scientific, my hand kissed it, robotic, let's think optimistic
You probably missed it, watch me Dolly Dick it
Scotty Wotty copper tipped me, big microphone hippie
Hit Poughkeepsie, crispy chicken birds, fur up a stone, Richie
Chop the O, sprinkle a little snow inside an Optimo
Swing the John McEnroe, rap rock 'n roll
Ty-D-Bol, gung-ho pro, Starsky with the gumsole
Hit the rum slow, parole kids, live Rapunzel
But Ton' Stizzy really high, the vivid laser eye guy
Jump in the Harley ride, Clarks, I freak 'em lemon pie
I'm 'bout it, 'bout it, "Lord forgive me!", Ms. Sally shouted
Tracey got shot in the face, my house was overcrowded
You fake cats done heard it first
On how I shitted on your turf, half time, Cuban Link verse, yo
"Check out the rap kingpin", summertime fine, Jheri dripping
Face to the box, I seen your ear twitching
As soon as I drove off, Cap' came to me with three sawed-offs
Give one to Rae, let's season they broth
Lightning rod fever heaters, knock-kneed a Sheba for heeva
Diva got rocked from the receiver bleeder
Portfolio, looking fancy in the pantry
My man got bigger dimes, son, your shit is scampi
Base that, throw it to your mouth, don't waste that
See Ghost lamping in the throne with King Tut hat
Straight off
Yeah! Yeah...
Y'all just one-time niggas...
Smack all y'all niggas, niggarettes
Universal death threats, yeah
This be the Godbody
Yeah, no doubt, Judge Wise
Ayo, spiced out Calvin Coolers, lounging with seven duelers
The Great Adventures of Slick
, licking with six Rugers
Rock those, big boy Bulotti's out of Woodbridge
Porridge for the biggest bear, seasoned giraffe ribs
Rotisserie roast, hickory cinnamon scented glaze
Perfect the fine chew with its shell, let's smoke
All hail to my hands, 50 thou' appraisal
Dirty nose with the nasal drip, clique flipped on fam
Dancing with Blanche and them bitches, flicking deuce pictures
Kick down the ace of spades, snatch Jack riches
'ulsive compulsive liars, flyers with my name on it
Dick made the cover, now count, how many veins on it
Scooby Snack jurassic plastic gats booby trap
Ten years working for me, you wanna tab shit?
Bong bong bong! Your bell went rung rung rung!
Staple-Land's where the ambulance don't come
Yeah! You see what I mean?
Ya see what I mean, you motherfuckin' crybabies?
Get in line, punk!
You should be studying your arts, instead of studyin' me!
That's how you lost your first job, punk!
Now get in line, 'fore you get your little thick ass tossed up!
Shit! I studied under Bruce Lee, nigga
He was on the fourth, I was on the third
Pass me a honey-dipped spliff, black mental cause continental drift
One whiff of Power-U gets my Divine stiff
Brick rock, late night, hear the tick-tock of my clock
I used to run up and pick a crab lock
Hit his stash, dip back, to the Lab, make him flip
Uptown, (boo-doop!), now we back on your ave
Incognito, fatal Hapkido blow, pop a needle
Dick a knock-knee ho, bust out her fetal
Nine inch long strong, Bobby pop the bitch thong
Spit on her, then I banged on my chest like Kong King
Merciless Ming, point the Killa Bee sting
Ring *dings!*, right through your head, *bing!*
Snap the wing off of bats, my battle-axe tongue hacks tracks
Once the ball drop, I'ma snatch ten jacks
Pass the crack to a niggarette, puff a loose leaf cigarette
While your man search the internet for Bob Digitech
In Stereo, crazy as Shapiro
Multiply myself ten times, standing next to zero
And snap my fingers like The Fonz
And bag me a golden bronze skinned girl with the honey blonde
Dip hair, make a nigga flip in his chair
Had the armpit shaved off perfect with the Nair
Stomach flat as a pancake for her man's sake
Used to fuck her when she menstruate, but it made her hyperventilate
Brooklyn! I know, I know, I know, I know
Queens! I know, I know, I know, I know
Shaolin! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
Bronx! I know, I know, I know, I know
Jersey! I know, I know, I know
Long Island! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, break it down!