[Intro: Xzibit]
Yeah, time to bring your ass to the table, y'all
It's X to the Z, Xzibit, yeah
Snoop double D, uh, O-G (Where you at? West Coast, Los Angeles)
What?
Bringin' it live, Dr. Dre, what
Throwin' up a big-ass W
Coverin' up the world, right
Yeah, ha
Listen, look

[Verse 1: Xzibit]
You ain't tryna hot box with me, I swig hard liquor
Goin' down by the second round, all hail the underground
How that sound? Xzibit backin' down from a conflict
Fuck the nonsense Terrorist, here to bomb shit
Glass and metal in every direction
Innocent bystanders taught a very hard lesson
I'm the reason there's no time to reach for that weapon
And reason why niggas with problems keep on steppin'
Xzibit ready to scrap like Mike Tyson with his license back
9 to 5 minimum wage? What type of life is that?
For me? It's blasphemy
You fuckin' around with the Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy
You had the audacity to wanna tangle with the X
Strangle your neck, slap you like the opposite sex
Drunk drivin', tryna stack my loot, while other rappers gettin' treated like a Prostitute
So check the SoundScan

[Refrain: Snoop Dogg]
All I wanna be was a G, ha
My whole life, nigga, please, ha
Breakin' off these motherfuckin' keys, ha
Let's get these motherfuckin' G's, ha
Nigga, you don't wanna fuck with this

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Hmm, oh, no, Big Snoop Dogg
Back up in the heezy, baby
You jockin' my style? You so crazy
Dre say, ain't no limit to this as long as we drop gangster shit
Look here, bitch, you fine and I dig your style
Come fuck with a nigga, and do it doggy style
I'll be gentle, sentimental
Shit, we fucked in the rental, Lincoln Continental
Coast-to-coast, L.A. to Chicago

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
(Yeah, nigga, you know what's happenin', man)
I get this pussy everywhere that I go
(These bitches know what time it is)
Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know (Hell yeah)
(Hoes know about a nigga like me, man)
I get this pussy everywhere that I go
(I pimp these hoes, nigga, ha-ha)
Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know

[Verse 3: Xzibit]
Bitch, please Get down on your goddamn knees
For this money, chronic, clothes and weed (Look)
Look, you fuckin' with some real OGs, bitch, please
Bitch, please
Get down on your motherfuckin' knees
We came to get the motherfuckin' cheese
Yeah, you fuckin' with some real OGs, you dick tease

[Verse 4: Snoop Dogg]
Bitch, please
Now what you need to do is
Hem my coat, and roll me some dope (For real)
Different strokes (Uh-uh), for different folks
Oh, you like settin' niggas up and gettin' them locs?
A cute little bitch with a whole lotta heart
Shit gets thick when the light gets dark
She say she got a lick for me (Well, hook it up)
Worth about two hundred G's and thirty keys
Now check this out, Dre: now, if I don't move
Then a nigga like me, shit, I don't lose
But you know me, dog, I'm movin'
Ain't nothin' to it but to get to groovin'
You've been waitin' on a nigga like me (What's that?)
To take that chance and rob your man, and beat up the pussy
A victim of the circumstance (A what?)
That's the Devil, they always wanna dance
See, we go out with a bang (Bang, bang)
I'm tryin' to work this cold thang, and take this whole thang

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
I get the money everywhere that I go (I go)
I bust a bitch and take her money for sure (For sure)
I get the money everywhere that I go (I go)
I bust a bitch and take her money for sure (For sure)

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E