[Intro: M.O.P.]
"...Where dem muhfuckas go?"
Ah-heh! (We back!)

[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Attention, please, attention, please
This shit here feels like a whole entire WORLD collapse
Motherfucker! Yeah yeah yeah yeah

Busta Rhymes now, M.O.P. now
What you want now? (What you want now?)
What you want now? (What you want now?)
What you want now? (What you want now?)
What you want now?
What you want want want want want want? Buck, buck!

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes, (M.O.P.)]
(Ante up!) No! Cut that fool!
They want to act stupid? Gun-butt that fool
When I cock that tool, nigga, run ya damn jewels
'Fore we fuck around and lay you up in your own blood pool, nigga
Hunt ya down, nigga, run your ass down
Unleash the hounds, 'til them niggas'll gun your ass down (Stop it!)
You fronting like this was a thing of the past
With tattoos over the scars a nigga left on your ass
My niggas think lopsided, bust they gat cross-sided
In the subways, they rob trains, running alongside it
See, motherfucker, we don't play with that shit!
And if you want your shit back, you'd have to pay for that shit!
You little costume niggas, Romper Room niggas
Get you in the night or early in the afternoon, niggas (Whaat!)
We taking your whole shit (While we pass through!)
Even the shirt off your back, nigga (Run that too!)

[Verse 2: Remy Ma, (M.O.P.)]
Yeah – I catch you backstage, give me the keys to the Escalade
You think you cute, ho? Take off them Gucci shades
I get my dogs to do you dirty, they all 730
Rock a ski mask, whether it's June or February
I take ya show money, take your 'dro money
Yo, yap that fool, 'cause I don't know money!
For my peeps that hate slow money, I put 'em in the industry
So they can come and take all yo' money!
Wish I could bring Pun back (Blaow!)
Bitch, run that! (Blaow!)
Bitch, run that! (Blaow!)
Bitch, run that!
So keep acting like you don't know where the funds at
And I'mma show y'all motherfuckers where the guns at!
(Ante up!) Yo – yap that bitch!
She try to spazz out? Then smack that bitch!
Ho, you don't be rhyming, you still memorizin'
Remy want them goddamn diamonds! (Huhhh!)

[Hook: M.O.P.]
Ante up, yap that fool!
Ante up, kidnap that fool!
It's the perfect timing, you see the man shining
Get up off them goddamn diamonds!
Ante up, yap that fool!
Ante up, kidnap that fool!
Get him (get him) get him, hit him (hit him) hit him!
Yap him (ZAP HIM) yap him (ZAP HIM)!

[Verse 3: Teflon (M.O.P.)]
(Ante up! Yap that fool!)
Fuck Hip-Hop, rip pockets, snatch jewels
(Ante up!) What?! My whole family nuts
Run in yo' stash house, tie Granny up
Make you strip butt-naked
Young buck got struck with the gun-butt
(For what?!) For tryin' to tuck the necklace
I'm young, hungry, armed and reckless
On the streets with a death wish
Don't hide when you see me, I'm on the guestlist

[Verse 4: Lil' Fame]
(Ante up!) Show no mercy!
B.K., nigga – thirsty, thirsty!
We bang hollows, you misrepresentin' the game
Motherfucker, you're lame and your chain hollow
Hit him! (Hit him!) Hit him! Flash the TEC
Yap your chain, smash the lens in your specs
Listen – it's Lil' Fame, right?!
With that Brownsville mentality to Shanghai

[Verse 5: Billy Danze]
Hey yo, I'm firing outta Coppertop City with a whole empire
A clip full of blue-tips and a hand full of (Fiiiya!)
Eat the dirt, nigga! (Yap!)
I's Berk', I put in work until it hurt, nigga (Step!)
Easy out the truck, punk, 'fore I leave your ass leakin'
I'mma bang 'til the springs in this thang start squeakin'
Die, cocksucker! Boom! (Blap!) Boom! (Blap!)
Aight, motherfucker! What's wrong with you?!

[Hook: M.O.P.]
Ante up, yap that fool!
Ante up, kidnap that fool!
It's the perfect timing, you see the man shining
Go and get them goddamn diamonds!
Ante up, yap that fool!
Ante up, kidnap that fool!
Get him (get him) get him, hit him (hit him) hit him!
Yap him (ZAP HIM) yap him (ZAP HIM)!

[Outro: M.O.P.]
Aahahahahaha... (Hahahaha)
What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck?
(Nigga!!!)
What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck?
What the fuck, what the fuck, huh?!
(First Family...)
(First Family...)
Mother---fuuuuucker!!!
(Firing Squad!)
Yeah!!! (Yeah!!!)