Domino effect with lyrics
Pizzaface:
1 2 3 4 Wait, What?!
Noise/Noisey:
Looks like our stunning star, The Noise has just entered Lap 3 and by his own choice!
Is he demented? Is he insane? Or does he wanna play a risky game?
Watch as he flies and spins and spins, you can definitely tell whose going to win
There's so much danger here to detect, one wrong move will cause a DOMINO EFFECT!
Pizzaface:
Woah, hold on a second what the hells going on here?
This is my song- JUST STOP WITH THE CHEERS!!
Noise:
Riding on with bass pumped high, dancing like an angel in the sky
Some say I'm weird and some ask why, I'm bullying this ugly pizza pie!
Pizzaface:
Dude, what the hell are you even doing?
This is MY time WHY DO YOU KEEP SCREWING-
Noise:
Sorry P, gotta cut you short!
I gotta book it, make my last resort!
I don't need to practice this level, I'll make it out cause I'm a cute little devil
All the people here should know my song, everybody at home sing along!
Noise is calling, pick up phone
Just pick úp the phone! Don't leave me hanging alone
Noise is stalling, gotta go!
I just gotta go! Ha ha, too slow!
Pizzaface:
Why won't this brat cram it..
Sick and tired of his schtick
He doesn't when to quit
His annoying tunes, echo throughout these rooms
Will you please JUST SHUT-
Noise:
Cut the cameras cause I think I'm feeling just a little bit nervous
Frame's all wonky and I think that last shots just a little out of focus
What's up viewers? I'm back! Here to bring you another heart attack!
Cause once you boot up this catchy track, there's no way that you'll ever go back
Noisette:
N to the O to the Y to the Z
He's the noisiest Noise and I think you'll agree
It's with the utmost certainty that he'll beat your ass and run away in glee!
There's no denying it, he's the master!
He'll cook you up, like a big piece of pasta!
In order to escape fear and disaster, he's gotta go a little bit faster!
Both Noises:
Watching NTV
You're binging NTV
Eyes glued to your screen
Chaos like you've never seen!
Tensions rising high
Ratings in the sky
So bad I wonder why
You even bothered to try
Pizzaface:
Turn the heat up a little..
Noise:
FUCK IT, JUST GO FULL THROTTLE!!
Blasting off at tremendous pace there's no way I'll ever
Lose this race, Pizzaface cannot chase me as fast as he once thought
(good luck doing this next line)
Gotta put the pedal to the medal, put the key into ignition, drive my way into perediton
Good or bad, it doesn't matter cause all I'm here to do is to make some cheese splatter!
Noise:
See the way that I ride, know I'm never gonna lose
Don't get to choose, better put on your best racing shoes
In my element, got time to experiment so..
Pizzaface:
See the way that I fly, know that you are gonna lose
Through bite and bruise, I'll put an end to goody two shoes
No time to lament, am I out of my element? Oh..
Noise:
Hey! I see the exit, it's under there
Pizzaface:
Under where?
Noise:
Made you say "underwear"!
One last lap will finally prove, why I'm The Noise with the smoothest moves
Take a second to watch me groove
Ive run out of words that rhyme with move
Pizzaface:
You think that you're better than me?
My tower lives in infamy!
You're just soon to be history
END YOUR TYRANNY!
Noise:
NO WAIT, I GET THE LAST LINE!!!