DipSet motherfuckers
Jha Jha, Jim Jones, y'all motherfuckers must have lost
Y'all minds Paul Wall....they call me Diddy
Y'all motherfuckers must have lost y'all mind
I wish a motherfucker would
AHHH!!!!
What you been drankin' on
What you been sippin' on
What got you bumpin' in the club wit all that gator on
(2x)
Cause you ain't drunk ho
You ain't drunk ho
You ain't ridin' you ain't live you ain't drunk ho
I was up in the club vibin', sippin' on sizzurp vibin'
Gettin' a lil flow fo' my man wanna just slow to the
Jams these girls wanna start whylin'
They gots to start trippin'
They got the crowd listenin'
You know the type wanna get into a fight when it's
Light them chicks just need attention
They playin' "Get From 'Round Me"
I'm sayin get from 'round me
If you spill that drink on my brand new mink I'ma
Split every bitch that's round me
We can buck if you want to
I'm the type that'll give you what you want boo
Y'all chicks can't stand me
I bet a bunch of Gees, just wait til' I bust to the roof
(1x)
Cause you ain't drunk nigga
You ain't drunk nigga
Til' that sizzurp and Henny is in yo cup nigga
(1x)
What you been sippin' on?
What you been hittin' on?
It be them chicks in bikinis we pour them Christ's on
(Call me Diddy) Lets ride that out (yeah!)
Stop that talk outside your mouth (uh huh)
I'll put guys outside your house (yeah come on)
We the hottest in the South (Let's go!)
Bad Boy (Bad Boy!), DipSet (Dipset!)
Baby girl (Harlem), get ya lips wet (come on)
Maybach like that chauffeur
Money ain't to far from Oprah's (come on man)
You should've seen what I paid my chauffeur (goddamn)
It's enough to buy your Roadster (that's right)
This toaster (yeah)
This holster
Take you on a roller coaster (uh huh let's go)
You ain't poppin' like Diddy baby
I'm rockin' wit Diddy baby
The Drops is terrific kid (as we proceed)
The watches cost 80 motherfucker..
(1x)
What you been sippin' on
Who you been smokin' with
What got you actin all silly doin' stupid shit (you brave?)
Cause you ain't drunk nigga (faggot)
You little fuck nigga (you punk)
You ain't bad
You's a fag
You ain't tough nigga
Y'all know the deal
Long john shirt don't show the steel
Ski mask when we gone to kill (right)
We blast and you know we will (boom)
We don't mash just olds-mobiles (uh huh)
Ride to ya block slow as hell (there they go)
Look for you fucks than unload the shells (boom)
A nigga get caught than please post bail (watch squalie!)
Eastside to the homies in jail (Eastside)
Know how it be that lonely as hell
On the turf it's coke for sale
You cookin' it up then goin' to hell (fumes)
I'm with a bitch with a purse, she's holdin' the steel (she got me)
Doc, I'm so f'real (uh huh)
Move the candy rain to get the candy paint (woo)
For them pretty Range Rover wheels
What you been sippin' on?
Whats in that white cup?
It's that promethazine, codeine, not purple tub!
Cause you ain't leanin' bitch
You ain't codeine'in bitch
That cup and money
You ain't high
You ain't sleepy bitch
Cock the 4, hold the deuce
Mixed with sprite maybe juice
Prepare to lean off that codeine
Prescription cough syrup gets me loose
White cup that's full of that oil
Texas T we call it drank
Sittin' sidewayz on them 4's, slab is drippin' wet candy paint
Who's the man, who's the G
Houston Texas 7 1 3
I'm on the block that we call South Lee
Sippin' oil with the thugs and G's
Paul Wall what you know about me
I'm on the grind and I'm slangin' licks
When I mix the sprite wit this sizzurp I'll show you
How to make a sprite remix
DipSet, Bad Boy, Jim Jones, Jah Jah, Paul Wall..
They call me diddy!...Harlem ''stand up''
Dirty South ''stand up'', ''Midwest stand up''
West coast ''stand up''....Yeaah...(Come On, Come On)