(He's only seventeen years old, make some noise for Dizzee Rascal)
What you know about that? (What you know about that?)
On Sight, what you know about that? (Uh)
EQ, Caesars, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Tudor Rose, what you know about that? (Uh)
Stratford Rex, what you know about that? (Yeah)
Palace P, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Temple, Le Fez, what you know about that? (Uh)
You ain't from no ends, you don't know about that (Woah)
Let's keep it a buck (Buck)
If it quacks, then it must be a duck (Yeah)
Hard work, no, it ain't no luck (No luck)
I been out here so long, runnin' amok (Woo)
I been in the gym tryna get cut (Cut)
I been tryna get rid of this gut (Oh no)
Can't take big dog for a pup (Naw)
If it's up, then it's up, then it's up, then it's stuck (Stuck)
All the pain and the drama, I stuck it out (Yeah)
No fool, old-school, yeah, I been about (Trust)
I'm from the era where the mandem come to the dancе
Get gassed on the drop, thеn swing it out (Yeah)
I'm from the era where the mandem come to the dance
Step to the opps and fling it out
They don't wait 'til the end of the dance
It's the end of the dance when the mandem wring it out
What you know about that? ('Bout that)
On Sight, what you know about that? (Uh)
EQ, Caesars, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Tudor Rose, what you know about that? (Woah)
Stratford Rex, what you know about that? (That)
Palace P, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Temple, Le Fez, what you know about that? (Uh)
You ain't from no ends, you don't know about that (Naw)
Act my age, not my crep size (Yeah)
I came up with some next guys (Trust)
Run the dance, run the set guys (Yeah)
Record and spread the cassette guys (Woo)
You just like the hype on the 'net guys (Woah)
I'm confused, I don't get guys (Naw)
You ain't no wave, you're just wet guys
Smile up in my face when I met guys (Hmm)
Just respect it (Yeah), uh
Made a milli' and I kept it (Trust)
Then I made another milli' and I kept it (Yeah, I did)
I bet I make another milli' in the Brexit (Bet I will)
I bet I make a pretty penny and invest it (Yeah)
Because I'm all over the rhythm, I finesse, then I exit (Woo)
Don't wanna be the moaning OG
That keep tellin' me they're tryna see the old me, but (Ho)
What you know about that? (Uh)
Heat FM, what you know about that? ('Bout that)
Flava, Deja, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Rinse FM, what you know about that? (Hmm)
Risky Roadz, what you know about that? (Yo)
Ice FM, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Freeze FM, what you know about that? (Uh)
You ain't from no ends, you don't know about that
Oh my God, bidi-bup-bup
Them man don't know nothin' at all (Nothin')
Just to spit a bar, I had to jump over the fence and wall (Clear that)
As a jungle MC, I just wanted to be on Kool
"What is it? I'm too young," that's cool (Alright)
Well, time make a man look like fool (Ooh, ooh)
What you know about this?
What you know about travelling out of the bits?
No insurance, man are takin' a risk (Skrrt)
No license, man are takin' the piss
Man are out of the ends in the middle of nowhere (Far)
I'm not gonna lie, couple man got shook and didn't wanna go
But I had to go 'cause I'm makin' dough there (Pew)
What you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Channel U, what you know about that? (Woah)
Sidewinder, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Music House, what you know about that? (Yo)
Lord of the Decks, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
DTI, what you know about that? (Uh)
Academics, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
You ain't from no ends, you don't know about that
Ayo, phone line crew
What you know about gettin' dough from Spruce? (What you know about?)
NuthingSorted.com with Muks and the camera crew (What you know about?)
Go to radio in school uniform and your friend gets bored (What you know about?)
Ayo, 966 (What you know about?)
The ringtone was Kick (What you know about?)
I was set for two bills, playin' with six man
Look in the crowd, can't see one cam
They're smokin' indoors
All the ravers ever ready, bass heavy, heavy
Man are drinking MD 20/20
Versace Medusa, trust me, I remember
Feds pullin' man over, give man a producer
Man produce while I make a beat
What you know about that? ('Bout that)
On sight, what you know about that? (Uh)
EQ, Caesars, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Tudor Rose, what you know about that? (Woah)
Stratford Rex, what you know about that? (That)
Palace P, what you know about that? (What you know about that?)
Temple, Le Fez, what you know about that? (Uh)
You ain't from no ends, you don't know about that (Nah)
(Yo, I just wanna thank everyone for having me on, England)