I'm a Bunsen burner, I keep it burning (Where the light, then?)
The money I'm earning, got their heads turnin' (Yeah, mon)
If you see me smoking, know that it's got some herb in
And if you see me on the mic, know that it's gonna get a murkin' (Ya)
I got natural energy, be my friend or my enemy (What!)
I can hear voices talking, but I can't hear what their tellin' me
I unleash when I've got a pen on me, just to get a bigger picture
These days when I'm writing, it's like I'm writing a scripture (Blud klaat, whoo)
That perfect mixture, this style can't fit ya
You can call me Mister, Mister Mister D Double (It's mwee, mwee)
Don't want no more pain or trouble
Can't be stuck in this little bubble (What?)
Built this up from rubble (Who?)
Mister Mister D Double
Buda bup bup
That lyrical hypnotist in the midst
Are you on the same level as this?
Guess not, you need to practice
I work the hardest to be the largest artist
Lyrical hypnotist in the midst
Are you on the same level as this?
Guess not, you need to practice (Oh, my God)
I work the hardest to be the largest artist
Lyrical hypnotist in the midst
Are you on the same level as this?
Guess not, you need to practice
You wanna stop this? You can't flop this
Cream of the crop this
I'm on the top of the list, step to this
Get dismissed 'cause I'm a true damn lyricist
This is the end of this
(Back in the day)
Super Nintendo, that's how my day would start (What?)
Draw for the Mario Kart (What?)
Wait for the race to start
Always lost but I had bare heart
In the corner givin' me drama (Alright)
Quickly dash the banana (Blud)
Send a man into the corner
I used to sit down, watch MTV
Hope yeah one day that'll be me
Young MC building a CV
Don't wanna be you, wanna be me (No)
I had to wait my turn, in this time no money got earned
In this time pure bridges got burned
Which way should I go, which way should I turn?
If you don't listen you won't learn
That's what mumsy told me
Never let anyone rule or own me
Who's your real friend who's your homie
Them man are fake yeah them man are phoney
When I was down them man never phoned me
It's not a ting, I breeze past them man like wind
Budu bup bup
(Lyrical hypnotist in the midst)
(Are you on the same level as this?)
(Guess not, you need to practice)
Fuck this ting
(You wanna stop this? You can't flop this)
(Cream of the crop this)
(I'm on the top of the list, step to this)
(Get dismissed 'cause I'm a true damn lyricist)
Yeah
(This is the end of this)
'Cause I do the do
You know me 'cause I do the ting-a-ling
I been survivin' at the top since ding-a-ling, ding-a-ling
School bell-a ring-a-ling, it's got a ting-a-ling (Yes)
If he wants to jump in the ring I'm swingin' him, I've gone too far
How could man every think it's apart, I've made my mark
Who were out in there in that dark
Gotta be brave, gotta be smart
Gotta be smart, gotta be brave
I never saw you in a house rave
Dem time dere you were locked in a cage
I was roamin' the streets of rage
Just another chapter, just another page
Headed for the bigger payment, bigger wage
Ego came in time like age
Can't survive on minimum wage (Nah)
That's why I rap 'til I fill up the page
I get money in all different ways
Can't just sit in my yard and gaze
That's long, gotta make money and I gotta make wong (Yes)
If you know me then you know what I'm on (Yes)
Sat in the saddle, I keep riding on (Yes)
Buda bup bup
That lyrical hypnotist in the midst
Are you on the same level as this?
Guess not, you need to practice
I work the hardest to be the largest artist
Lyrical hypnotist in the midst
Are you on the same level as this? Guess not, you need to practice
I work the hardest to be the largest artist
Lyrical hypnotist in the midst
Are you on the same level as this? Guess not, you need to practice
You wanna stop this? You can't flop this. Cream of the crop this
I'm on the top of the list, step to this
Get dismissed 'cause I'm a true damn lyricist
This is the end of this