Lyrical wizardry dances on MC's like Murray on SC's
Never flaunt, now motherfuckers come test me
Burnin' everybody hotter than torches at Jamaican parties
Far from angels, niggas can't see me like Charlie
Style weak? Hardly!
Don't let the wacked pursue you like Marley
JM clique moves in packs like whities on Harleys
Niggas get injured, fucked do' in 40 fingers
Got bitches by bike-by, bussin' Glocks off a' ninjas
Klep don't give three shits to flip scripts
Dismiss bullets from clips, leave niggas rollin' up skateboards
Wit nuttin' under they hips, bitch, so if you test me
Shit gets messy, bustin' .38 speci
Outta paper bags like Joe Pesci
Yo, you know the tune
Make sure bitches don't eat
When it's time to shit out them coke balloons
Bocked up the ninja when it got shady, now I got grown ladies
Bustin' .380's outta E Class Mercedes
Hurry the fuck up bitch, get on!
(Fuck you motherfucker let me out this L)
There they go right there, dot them niggas
(Motherfuckers!! )
MC's get cut like glass, cut like class
Rag tagged and crash, hemp bags, come save dat ass
Who wanna get broke the fuck up? Tell me!
Freakin' vocabulary like Chinese and spellin' bees
T-P-E-L-K held to reflect a device-es
The nicest, Jesus Christ it's
Junior Mafioso, niggas get torn off head to torso
Bullets evacuated out windows
From Heckler and Koch, P7 inmates
Extra .380 on a string 'round my neck 'cause Feds check the waist
No time to waste, grab the loot and escape before next break
Heads are clockin', private eyes are watchin'
Nigga caught up in the hustle
Fuck flippin' packages and tyin' up, minx and rings I bubble
Trouble's what I look for in stores on expensive floors
Beelin' boots is essence, bookin' Pelle's in my drawers
Armani, Gianni Versace, V2
Lost count o' all the little sections me and mans ran through
It ain't hard to discard cans of mace on guards
Leave them bitch ass niggas screamin' like a fuckin retard
Lyrically, I come off like ink alarms
Got styles under the wing like spread is booked under my arms
Niggas couldn't see me with closed circuit TV
Tryin' to peep my steez, like DT's I get over like I'm fifteen
(Hey, you're not fifteen)
I'm fifteen, what?
(What do you think we are? Assholes or somethin'?)
Fuck you! Soundin' like that nigga from Night Court
Loose my cuffs I'm outta here!
MC's be fake like toupes so I transplant
Implant my fist to their face makin' their skin raise
Soundwaves disrupted, they fucked kid!
Earholes, blood erupted, but that ain't nuttin'
The best is yet to come
MC's get strung like heads on drums
They don't be knowin' what I'm knowin'
Flowin' like I'm flowin'
Makin' motherfuckers take nose dives like 747 Boeings
Obnoxious, beef-squashers, face-to-face
Niggas get wet up like galoshes on Klep's place
Due to hard times sayin' prayers committin' crimes
Sick minds don't care, rockin' parties from front to rear
Brains engulfed by ferocious thoughts, it's on!
Runnin' up on Big with Lex with napkins doused with chloroform
Livin' in a world where you do what you must
If preachers be robbin' niggas, who the fuck can you trust?