HOHOHOHO
The carnival's come to town!
And I ain't just clownin' around!
I'm gonna throw you cups down
So hard, that you'll break your crown!
WHOHOHOHOHOHO
You tumblers to a tumble
On Beppi's wild ride!
Ya whiny little fine China mugs
Can run, but you can't hide!
Ya came to seal a contract?!
HA! Catch me if you can, ya drips!
My little dodgem is your big problem
Gonna smash you into porcelain chips!
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!) Look out below!
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!)
Sing, sing, don'tcha know?
Watch the rollercoaster go!
La-dee-dah! Ho-Ho-Ho!
Those speedy wheels ain't just for show!
Sing, sing, with a swing!
Watch me ride this donkey thing!
Of the circus, I'm the king
Oh, you can't face me in the ring!
(He ain't no bozo, ain't no Pagliacci)
I'm no garden-variety cartoon clown!
(He ain't your average "Koko" fella!)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Sing, sing, watch me fly!
If you don't jump, oh, you will die!
If you're killed in the carnival
You're mortified!
So spy that train with your little eye!
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)
"Side-friction coaster 1 is too intense for me..."
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!)
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)
Is what a COWARD would say!
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!)
You want balloons, little buddy?
I've got some balloons for you!
Watch out!
Their bite is worse than their bark!
What a rabid canine crew!
You're such a HUGE gob-letdown!
Only schmucks go 'round and pop the balloons!
Well, while you're smashing targets
Why not take some duckies too?
(He ain't no bozo, ain't no Pagliacci) That's right! Sing it, fellas!
(He ain't your average "Koko" fella!)
...Oh wait, they already say "fella" in the chrous...
Sing, sing, 'til you're hoarse!
You're the popcorn stand's main course!
I'll eat you up with no remorse
Then I'll get right back onto my horse!
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)Yippee-Ki-Yi-Yay!
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)
Also, "High-Noon Hoopla"'s gonna be the next "Cuphead" song
So get used to the cowboy stuff!
(Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh)
I've been tellin' ya to "Sing, Sing, Sing", this whole time...
So why don't we switch it up a little
And Swing, Swing, SWING?!
HOO-HOO-HOO-HOO!
Round and round the carousel
Make you to nauseous to send me to hell!
You don't got the balls?
Oh, well!
A little birdie or two'll probably fix that spell!
Maybe I'm playin' a little "Fowl"
But it's certainly a way to make ya throw in the towel!
Ya want off my wild ride?
I'll let ya off once you have DIED!
So keep your hands, arms, feet, and legs
Inside the vehicle at all times, or else you'll lose your head!
You must be this tall to ride
And, mmm, you don't stack up
So here's a ticket that says, "You Tried!"
Still clingin' to the swing, I see!
Toldja ya couldn't beat me!
Ya shoulda given up on phase 3!
Now I'm gettin' pooped
And I'm runnin' outta rhymes!
So if you'll excuse me
I've just got one more verse left
Until it's CLOSIN' TIME!
You tumblers to a tumble
On Beppi's wild ride!
Ya whiny little fine China mugs
Can run, but you can't hide!
It's time to close the curtain
On this here cartoon show!
So don't you trip
Or you're gonna chip
On the way out as you go!
Thank you so much for comin' to my show!
Now SCRAM!
(So don't you trip, or you're gonna chip on the way out as you go!)
EHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around, oh
Beppi the clown ain't clownin' around!
EHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
KNOCKOUT!