(Whispering)
Calling all units, shots fired
Shots fired in front of the Supreme store
There's about to be a 261 in progress
Send all available units
Send in the back-up
Send in the big guns
Send in the K9 unit
Send in the... fuck
I wanna be gay 'cause you're fucked and I wanna savour it
But it's cool, after smashing you I'll PayPal you 2K
Oh, no! You getting mad?
Gonna knock the phone right out of my hand?
That shit was fucking absurd
You're a "rapper" who can't resolve shit with words?
Talk like you eating some paste, ayy
Is that your IQ or your age? Ayy
Say to your audience face, ayy
How Jacob Sartorius tastes
Ayy, you look afraid, must have seen a ghostwriter
Well, ditto, little bitch, but I'm not scared to show mine
Woo! You've been pretending
Ever since your little rice balls descended
Let kids think you did it all
When you weren't capable of making up playground insults
That's bad, but then I heard you try to rap
I was more disappointed than when I found out
Casey Neistat didn't have nice tats
Boy, gotta flex
Gotta flex, flex, flex
Because when you've got no personality
Replace it with a Rolex
You really don't see your friends rolling their eyes?
Hoping to die, they're so tired
Of you throwing the price of what you buy in their face
No, no, no, no, you think they're gonna say
"Oh my God, you're such a legend
You make me so wet with your reckless spending
You gained my respect and you're oh so funny
Please, take me to your mansion and fuck me!"
You're fucking delusional
So try your best to remember
You are not a pimp
You're a borderline sex offender
Diss boy a flavor of the month
But which is it, huh?
A whiny Vietnamese wanna-be gangsta
It's salt and vi-nigga
You're like Kanye without the talent
Like Jackie Chan but a little faggot
Like Soulja Boy but...
Actually, yeah, you're exactly like Soulja Boy
Say you don't wanna look like a little bitch
But, dude, you're gonna be crucified
How can you claim that shit
When you're too scared to go in on PewDiePie?
Little ho, little bitch
Suck my 5.3 inch dick
Admit that you just got pounded
I'd say "take the L" if you could pronounce it
(Get it, because you're Asian?)
(That's what you wanted, right?)
(Hey, let's make fun of the Asian boy with his Asian boyish eyes)
Jesus Christ, you're as predictable as a house tour
To call you surface level would be an insult to the ground floor
Whatever you've promised to follow, you've quit
You can't persist for shit, you narcissistic prick
Your audience is fickle, here's what I predict
Your channel's bound to crash down to rubble (oh, no!)
How the fuck can someone called Gum
Not realise they're in a bubble?
But let me guess, I'm irrelevant, right?
Isn't that your excuse?
When you're too stupid to explain your views
'Cause you're as basic as a one-block Rubik's Cube
You're an insecure, unoriginal little bitch and that's that
So, come to think of it
You're actually the dog filter on Snapchat
Got cash, cash, money and the views and the clicks
And yet you're always gonna be a little bitch
Now I'm finished as planned
It was just three minutes so it wasn't that bad
But I got one question to ask you, bro
Did it feel good, though?
Why did I do this?