Running, running, speeding 'cross the plains!
Got places to go and a day to save!
Rolling on rolling green hills
Chasing Supersonic thrills
The breeze blowing through my blue quills
Feeling Mach Speeds and blustery wind chills!
Blasting past fields of flowers
At over 1000 horsepower
With my man Miles Prower
We'll make Eggman hit the showers
Today!
It's time to play
The Sonic way
Enter the fray!
Now it's time for a new game
The Genesis won't be the same
Ro-ro-ro-rolling on rolling green hills
Hide-and-seek on the Green Hils
Chasing you on the Green Hills
Fire upon the Green Hills
Brimstone upon the Green Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-Hills-
Y̶o̵u̴'̶r̴e̷ ̸t̵o̸o̴ ̶s̷l̷o̶w̶!̵ ̵W̶a̷n̷t̵ ̷t̷o̶ ̸t̸r̶y̴ ̸a̶g̷a̴i̷n̵?̵
You can't run from me
You can't hide from me
You can surely see your plight...
Oh, It isn't wise
To run from your demise
Nothing can escape my sight...
F̷o̶u̸n̵d̴ ̷y̶o̸u̶.̵.̶.̴
Ah, your futile blows are nothing
Your feeble buttons can't dispel me
You thing your control's enough?
Think again! You can not hope to quell me!
Stain the steel with sacrifice
Watch the fruit of bloodthirst coat the floor
You have seen me slay them twice
Now bear witness the flow of Ichor!
You can't run from me
You can't run from me
Y̷o̸u̷ ̵c̶a̵n̸'̷t̷ ̶r̶u̵n̷ ̴f̴r̶o̵m̷ ̴m̴e̷,̸
Y̷o̸u̷ ̵c̶a̵n̸'̷t̷ ̶r̶u̵n̷ ̴f̴r̶o̵m̷ ̴m̴e̷,̸
Y̵͉̋o̸͉̊u̵̗͊ ̶̡̛c̷͕̏a̵̮̕n̸̟̎'̸̝̏t̷̡̾ ̷̱͗r̷̯̉u̷̙͆n̶̹̈́ ̸̝̀f̷͈͋r̵̞̓ọ̷͠m̴̪̍ ̸̥̌m̶̝̕ẻ̵͔,̶̳͋
Y̵͉̋o̸͉̊u̵̗͊ ̶̡̛c̷͕̏a̵̮̕n̸̟̎'̸̝̏t̷̡̾ ̷̱͗r̷̯̉u̷̙͆n̶̹̈́ ̸̝̀f̷͈͋r̵̞̓ọ̷͠m̴̪̍ ̸̥̌m̶̝̕ẻ̵͔,̶̳͋
Run, run, run, but you're alone
You can not hide in the unknown...
You can flee but I can see
Each step you take, each move you make
Slithering between these vile lines of code
Lying in wait
Imprisoned in these ones and zeroes
Awaiting fools who breach the gate...
Now it's too late, my dear Pandora
There's a price for every door!
S-s-s-so many souls to play with, so little time
Wouldn't you agree? Control is mine, I'm free!
Y̵O̷U̵'̵L̶L̷ ̷P̴L̶A̶Y̵ ̴W̴I̷T̸H̴ ̷M̴E̴ ̵F̸O̷R̶E̷V̵E̶R̷,̶
̸T̸O̵O̷ ̷M̶A̵N̸Y̸ ̵G̷A̵M̶E̸S̵,̸ ̵I̶'̷L̸L̸ ̵N̴E̵V̸E̶R̵
̴L̴E̸T̷ ̷Y̴O̴U̷ ̶G̶O̴,̷ ̸L̸E̶A̸V̶E̸ ̵Y̵O̴U̴ ̸A̶L̴O̴N̷E̵
̸F̸O̵R̴ ̸Y̵O̸U̷'̷R̶E̵ ̴T̷O̴O̵ ̴S̸L̸O̷W̴!̶
W̸E̶ ̸W̶I̷L̷L̷ ̶N̶E̴V̷E̴R̶ ̵K̶N̸O̸W̵ ̷P̶E̴A̵C̴E̸
̷I̵N̷ ̷T̷H̴I̴S̶ ̶P̴L̴A̷N̸E̵ ̶O̴F̷ ̵C̵A̴P̷R̸I̵C̷E̷,̵
̴G̵A̷Z̸E̸ ̶I̶N̶T̶O̷ ̸T̷H̶E̷ ̵S̴A̸P̸P̸H̵I̶R̴E̶ ̶S̸U̵N̶S̷,̵
̵Y̷O̸U̵R̸ ̶W̷I̴L̴L̷ ̸I̷S̵ ̷M̵I̴N̵E̴ ̵F̴O̶R̵
█
█
▄▀█ █▀▄▀█
█▀█ █░▀░█
░██████╗░░█████╗░██████╗░██╗
██╔════╝░██╔══██╗██╔══██╗██║
██║░░██╗░██║░░██║██║░░██║██║
██║░░╚██╗██║░░██║██║░░██║╚═╝
╚██████╔╝╚█████╔╝██████╔╝██╗
░╚═════╝░░╚════╝░╚═════╝░╚═╝
Rolling on rolling green hills
Chasing Supersonic thrills
The breeze blowing through my blue quills
Feeling Mach Speeds and blustery wind chills!
Blasting past fields of flowers
At over 1000 horsepower
With my man ̴͓͛͋
We'll make ̴͓͛͋ hit the showers
Today!
It's time to play
The Sonic way
Enter the fray!
Ř̷̮e̵͚̽a̷̪̅d̸̟̉y̵̡͐ ̷͖͆f̴̟̐o̴͔̚r̵̮͐ ̶͚̽r̷̩̉ò̶̲u̸̩̚n̸̨͝d̷̢͝ ̷̣̀2̵̣̈́?̸̄ͅ