Here lies Spongebob Squarepants, you can tell it’s him cause we wrote his name on the stone!
He was just a goofy goober, always just a kid at heart, fed his pet and kept his friends close, kept his enemies less than far
He was just a simple sponge, Aplysina fistularis, brought some smile, miles and miles lined for that atoll’s golden boy
He never let go of his dreams, never let things squash his wondеr, or at least that’s how it seemed, but the еnding was a blunder
What a blunder, what an everloving shame that that porifera fella had to throw it all away
Took some pills for the pain, Crimson eyes came with rain, and the tides-a-changin’ burnin only added to the day, and as smoke filled up his eyes, angels swept his life away
But at the gates, he got denied, pleaded with angels and he said:
“Excuse me, sir, there must be someone you've confused me for, If I could see someone who knew me or someone in uniform, I skip the work on Sunday, truly, nevermore,” Screaming at the angels while they pushed him through the door. Excuse me sir?
Were all the lies you told for not? Is this atoll just really all you’ve got? The screamin’ never faded, but the demons were elated when he fell…
Abandon all hope, all ye who enter, It was a horrifying sign, but sounded like a neat adventure
Far beyond the halos and the castles in the clouds, pufferfishes hangin' with some pull chords in their mouths
And whales with cutoff tails all bein’ flung round’ on a trampoline, tortured with the worst things they’d done, or that they had seen
Here, we buy and sell, a million kinds of hell!
Lies are the only currency for the devils clientele!
Excuse me sir, the richest sea creature within our lair, pick your kinda’ hell cause all your lies’ll get you far down here, you really do belong here, and since I’ve heard this tune before, scream at all the demons as they push you through the door
Excuse me sir, Who lied to cover up the truth, that the detriment has ALWAYS just been you, I see it in your eyes, The devil knows that cutest creatures are demons in disguise…
Why’d I lie…?
You can run from your demons until you are exhausted
One day you will have to stop and find out what they wanted
Keep on running from those demons until you are exhausted