Here they come, yo, here they come
Here they come, yo, here they come
This (Or that), this (Or that)
This (Or that), this (Or that)
This (Or that), this (Or that)
This (Or that), this (Or that)
Who's the Black Sheep? What's the Black Sheep?
Know not who I am, or when I'm comin', so you sleep
Was it in your room, or was it in your sphere?
Knew not who I was, but listen here
Dres, D-R-E-S, yes I get suckers start
If it's all right with you, I'll rip this here one apart
Back, middle, to the front, don't front
Wanna good time? Gonna give you what you want
Can I hear a hey? (Hey)
Now get a yo (Yo)
You got a hey? (Huh)
It's for the hoes (Oh)
The styling is creative, Black Sheep of the Native
Can't be violated, or even decepticated
I got brothers in the Jungle, cousins on the Quest
Dead, retarded uncles, in peace porridge may they rest
Guess, which way, what, when, how
Mista Lawnge, Dres, Black Sheep slam now
Know you've heard the others, phonies to the lovers
Then of course, the choice is yours
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
I think you'll get with this, for this is where it's at
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
I think you'll get with this, for this is, kinda, kinda phat
Where's the Black Sheep? Here's the Black Sheep
Even if we wanted to, the flock could not be weak
Watch me swing like this, why should I swing it like that?
Because, in fact, on me, it might not attract
Therefore, I ignore, do as I feel inside
I live with me, I've got my back tonight
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, Black, I'm not playin'
Need to go with this or go with this with no delaying
See, in actuality, one day can it be
I made it look easy because it is to me
Anytime capacity was filled, try to rock it
Anytime a honey gave us play, tried to knock it
Never was a fool, so we finished school
Never see us sweat and you'll never see us drool
Out to rock the globe while it's still here to rock
Don't punch girls and we don't punch a clock
Gotta go, gotta go, see you later by the cat
And you can't beat that with a bat
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
I think you'll get with this, for this is where it's at
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
I think you'll get with this, for this is kinda phat
Engine, engine, number nine
On the New York transit line
If my train goes off the track
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Back on the scene
Crispy and clean
You can try, but then why?
'Cause you can't intervene
We be the outcast
Down for the settle
Won't play the rock
Won't play the pebble
Open the door, you best believe we're slidin' through it swiftly
Niftly
We can make it hip to be
What we are 'cause what we be
Be the epitome
Doo-Dah-Dipity
So now I dwell
Just to say your plainer
Hold your cup 'cause I got the container
Pass a plate-a
Cross the fader
Black Sheep get played like the Sony innovator
Never the traitor
Party of later
And you can get a scoop, later