Can’t see but I sense you’re close
My next meal will not be my last
Course! The thought just makes me
Wish I can savor every final crunch
Let’s-A-Eat!
You’ve wandered to my home
Trespassers, will be punished
Not one more step, my-a-senses have-a
Heightened, do-a-your best to stay silent to the monster, boy!
Don’t want to listen? Fine, then I
Guess I have-a-no choice but to make-a-you suffеr
It’s-a-Mario’s plate, you’re a pawn in my world
Try to escapе as my tongue uncurls!
Deformities untie
Stop-a-squirming, let me dine
Sensitive ears, and an appetite endless
I owe it all to the mushroom gods
Make a noise, I’ll crack
You’re-a-tiny skull
I’ve-a-got a new desire to make you boil!
Such a rare opportunity to try new
Soufflés! I cannot wait another day
I’m-a-just a dying to taste your mushroom flesh!
Save
-A-your pleas
Time to feed
Somebody order me some liver spaghetti!
Though I cannot rely on my sight, I can hear your voice, and-a-smell your fear!
STOP! I’m-a-feeling ravenous!
So many wanderers now deceased
Congrats, you’re invited to all my feasts!
With a single mistake I will take your life
So halt, so I feel Bon Appetite!
Don’t move! Stay frozen in fear
Make-a-me smile from ear to ear!
I have no control when
Introduced to such tasteful discoveries
It’s your last course, my friend
My savage hunger never ends
Such delight with new meat to rend
This meal, it is now mine to seize
The hero that you once knew, is gone
His-a-mind has snapped, and he hunts in this forest from now on
Nay has one escaped from one
Known as the “Soul Consumer!”
Hold, still, let your turmoil fade away!
I’m-a-hungry, but I have no interest in any offer that you have
My only interest is in those who decide to stand in my path
It’s a soul, for my soul, and an eye, for an eye
A picnic of sinners just-a-passing by
You can-a-join them when I end-a-your life
Tell me, Goomba, can you see the light?
It’s-a-starving, my soul
Won’t stop eating till I’m full
Don’t you move, my stomach is a bottomless hole
I can’t go back to that life, saving Peach was my past time
Now the only thing for Turmoil is to satisfy his appetite
And-a-you can try, to finish that job, I just need one bite!