When you listen to this song, I'm probably already dead
Cus during this recording, I was high being questioned by Feds
Told me to spit my last song after they gonna shoot me in the head
But I rather try defusing the situation instead
I refuse to get down and beg for my life with bad knees
So take heed to the words I speak over this rap beat
Instead of calling for Christ to save me, I really rather scream
While sounding like a little girl punched for the first time in her cheek
Cus these federal agents just waiting to put me outta my misery
With a gun to my neck, I expect that this song will be the death of me
Like I give a damn, it's the whole waiting that's really stressing me
I tell 'em: Just do it!
Who the fuck will remember me?
I think they're getting the point so they shot one bullet and missed
I'm right in front, facing a microphone and they still couldn't hit
I even shaved off my hair
Painted a target behind so quick
Even asked if they need an extra bullet or a magazine with a full clip
If that pisses 'em off, good!
Honestly, I don't care
I'm just dragging out time and it's funny
Because they're not even aware
That I'm wasting my last minutes when I should really be scared
And if hell really exists then it means that I'm already there
I still spit sick shit like it's a God-given gift
I will bring it to the public in case you tryna force me to quit
I'll spill the beans on classified info, just for kicks
And you can suck my damn dick if you don't listen to this
I show more retaliation than Japan in blind rage
Rhymes insane, wage war and blaze a battle zone in a day
Like hunting down the pilot, the one's inside Enola Gay
Show the picture of evidence
Yelling in outrage: Dolphin and Whale!?
So next day in the sea park, blood get's splattered and sprayed
These mothafuckas never play around after Hiroshima got laced
With radioactive radiation after nuclear bombs away
And another one was placed in that country's shitter, and I ain't...
Even making this up for listeners claiming I'm mentally deranged
Cus the truth of the matter is whale and dolphin was actually framed
Because the ones who actually did it
Was in fact so afraid
That they altered the picture so whale and dolphin got blamed
The real ones responsible will soon be unveiled
But remember Japan will never rest 'til their blood spills and is washed away
So today's history lesson question: Who's gonna pay?
It was chicken and cow! Picture of proof provided by the...
Ok, that's enough coke for you today!
Do not listen to him!
We're the ones responsible!
Goddamn, son of a bitch!
We nuked them!