In an enemy land
Ach! Just by destroying Stark Enterprises
We could cripple their national defense
So you, Professor Vinkle
The world's greatest expert on electricity
Must devise the destruction of Stark's mighty guardian
Iron Man
Yo, summertime holdin' a nine, split the vega in half
Jeeps rumble and my dogs puff grass
Bank stoppin', hide your rocks, hydraulic
The kid with the most knowledge will obtain and touch top dollars
Hold me down, hand me my cape
Dusty bake activate, fuck your corny debates
I'm like cake, or maybe like ten thousand dollar rabbits
The kid walked through, switch up his accent, now I'm from Paris
Cash the bill, frozen elements in gold
Signs from the Most High causes me to break the mold
How the fuck was y'all niggas thinkin'? You think I fell off the ledge?
The legendary Ghost Deini might be dead?
Never, impossible, pull out black burners like tonsils
Two Galants, hittin' if we got to
Bustin' at y'all niggas daily, wall to wall, hawkin'
Suckin' your teeth 'cause God chain-talkin'
Like Ghostface this, Ghostface that, Ghost sold crack
Now his revelations spoken through rap
Veloured down like the Sheikh of Iran
Gasoline cream wrapped in hospital bands, model vans, Michael Davis
It's me against housing
Extraordinary pro-black, sold God creations to control thousands
Catch me at the flicks, Apollo rap Frederick Douglass
You know what? Ayo, fuck this!
Ayo, how can I Move the Crowd?
First of all, ain't no mistakes allowed
Here's the instructions, put it together
It's simple, ain't it? Well, quite clever
Marvin, Marvin, you were a friend of mine
You stood for somethin', ugh
2Pac, Biggie, oh, how we miss you so
We want y'all both to know
We really love you so
Ayo, I'm Gucci down, Wally boots, Jamaican hat, long 4-pound
Ask niggas how I get down
Don't speak much, deluxe plush imaginations, hold a note like Willie Hutch
You might've bumped into me on the Rikers bus
Weed in my cheeks, gem in my beauty sleep sleeve
Dead serious, knowledge by 2% triple geese
Come on, we juggle mics, three Card Molly, amps advance
To the final, show these niggas how the way we dance
Hot night, Jamaica, came through in a booger green '68 Pacer
Mad paper, high as a fuck, truck
Two rappers got stuck that night, I ain't saying no names
They know who, thank you for the chains
Outdoor event, New Year's Eve, Cali weed
30 seconds 'til we tear and decease, quick, call my seeds
Dipped in the crowd, the ho spotted me
He knew not to call my name out, he walked off softly
We exactly formed like Christ and his Disciples
Black fatigues, lethal-faced doonie, he held the rifle
We had the whole shit shook, your favorite rappers droppin' their drinks
On the low, tuckin' their links, we made eighty off the books
One of the illest since Magic Johnson, no disrespect
But metaphors'll keep me out the projects
Rap connects'll keep me correct
Ayo, I wrote this on Donnie roof, after his funeral, on one knee
Thinkin' his killer's followin' me
So to my nigga Donnie, up there
Can you please tell God that we fucked up here?
You got beer, weed, guns, AIDS
All these obstacles, it's hard to make it nowadays
Why's the Devil winning? Some say it's our fault
If that's the answer, you know smokin' cause cancer
Let me drop a bracelet, leave a chain behind
My tape stay at the beginning because that's how they rewind
Y'all know how we dine, we don't eat swine
And we don't drink wine, if you don't bring me some motherfuckin' cognac, I'll kill you!
I can't feel you
Ain't in my senses and you ain't in my dollars
I fuck with rottweilers, no leashes, no collars
Brolic scholars, that's Ghost Deini!!