Ooh oo oo oo ooh ooh
Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo
Oh, good morning, Mrs. Hemingway! How are you today? Alright? Ha ha ha ha!
Ooh oo oo oo ooh
Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo
Oh, very very good! And yourself? Oh, you do?
Ooo wah
Doo doot doot doot doot doo do wah
Ooo wah
Wop
Oh, Mrs. Throckmore. Mercy, mercy me! Ha ha ha ha
Do you like my girls? I love them all
Ooh oo oo oo ooh
Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo
We're so proud, here we are at the Waldorf (Delicious, delicious!)
Where folks sit around all day (Caviar? Certainly, certainly!)
Join the crowd who relax at the Waldorf
To croon all their cares away (Anchovies? I never heard of such a thing!)
Don't rock
They like jazz but in small doses
No shock, bop!
And you could cause thrombosis
Don't sing loud when you sing at the Waldorf
Or find somewherе else to play
Hush gal, you know they don't pass no chitlins 'round in hеre!
Well, I know you knew me when, but forget it!
Uptown jazz ain't stiff with propriety
Downtown, tho' that whiff of society
Tells us when we riff to riff quiet at the Waldorf
Uptown, we get bums and we scuffle 'em
Downtown, we got drums but we muffle 'em
Nobody who comes would we ruffle at the Waldorf
Well, ain't it swell doin' swell with the swells
In the swellest hotel of them all?
The Waldorf
Uptown, it's a blast that we're givin' you
Downtown, that's the last thing we'd ever do
We're not loud or fast, we're just lounging at the Waldorf
Now give them all that Waldorf cake, right now!
We're so proud, here we are at the Waldorf (Uptown jazz ain't stiff with propriety, downtown, tho' that whiff of society) (Ooh oo oo oo ooh ooh)
Where folks sit around all day (Tells us when we riff to riff quiet at the Waldorf) (Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo)
Join the crowd who relax at the Waldorf (Uptown, we get bums and we scuffle 'em, downtown, we got drums but we muffle 'em) (Ooh oo oo oo ooh)
To croon all their cares away (Nobody who comes would we ruffle at the Waldorf) (Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo)
Don't rock, they like jazz but in small doses (Well, ain't it swell doin' swell with the swells) (Ooo wah, doo doot doot doot doot doo do wah)
No shock, bop! And you could cause thrombosis (in the swellest hotel of them all?) (Ooo wah, wop)
Don't sing loud when you sing at the Waldorf (Uptown, it's a blast that we're giving you, downtown, that's the last thing we'd ever do) (Ooh oo oo oo ooh)
Or find somewhere else to play (We're not loud or fast, we're just lounging at the Waldorf) (Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo)
Or find somewhere else to play (Lounging at the Waldorf, lounging at the Waldorf) (Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo)
Or find somewhere else to play (Lounging at the Waldorf, lounging at the Waldorf) (Oo ooh oo, oo ooh oo)
Well it looks like everybody's loungin' at the Waldorf! Yes, yes, yes!