(Intro)
Tragic:
Depressing nights are long
We don't really understand what's wrong
Figure it out with a single song
What could we do to make peace?
The mind is powerful, so to speak death is something down beneath
(Verse 1)
Tragic:
It's under your feet you can feel it
But you can't defeat it because every single person just seems to repeat it
Nothing has helped
So why try to cheer me?
Nobody can help, so please leave it
Social media is hella deceiving
I've only felt pain from the chains of recognition
My anger is fueled up
It's ready for ignition
If you kick me, I'm a start up the engine
I'm a troubled fucking person and I know I ain't worth it but give me a shot
I'm trying to be nice
I'm trying to suffice,trying to survive
I just want a shot down trying to build my life so I can't climb to the top
I lost my ex to a stupid text
I wrote my regrets and I wrote my amends
I gave her everything
But what did I get back?
She faked me and she fucking framed me
But the worst part, she gave me
A broken heart and a negative mindset that's real
And I feel dead inside
I cannot subside
I am lost considering suicide
(Verse 2)
2Gun:
I feel your shit
But to overcome life, you got to take your hit, give it a chance
For you to live life, you got to be willing to take a hit
Without getting mad or angry
Without giving them a punch like the Yankees
You're worth it
It's all gonna get better
You gotta give it a chance before you lift up those beer cans
Here, put down the gun, put down the knife
I'ma teach you how to win this fight
And show you that there is light where you stand it
And if you fall I'll catch you when you land
And when I fell I landed on my feet
You got to understand my speech I lost my best
I gave it all the rest it gave me a positive mindset
(Outro)
(TRAGIC)But you don't know my pain. (2GUN)I don't, but I know your feelings. (TRAGIC)That doesn't help. (2GUN)It doesn't, but it means you're not alone. (TRAGIC)That means a lot. (2GUN)I know it does. Don't waste your life, brother. (TRAGIC)I won't. Thank you so much. (2GUN)For what? (TRAGIC)For saving my life