Haha!
Yo, man, crews be lost, man
No sense of direction
(Fools don't even know)
Please don't sleep
(So much loss, so much losers)
So much losers (Wack!)
Yo, that's when you lost
(That's when you lost)
Yo! I find it fun to smash MCs into fine bits
I'm goin' to get my just deserts for all the kids I must’ve hurt
(Maybe) I trust that courtesy when dealin' with folks is too much for the askin'
Cool, I got the skill crafted tools
Massive fools at my work bench and
I'm wrenchin' mics from they grasp and that's how it has been!
The drill's this — I kill swift
I feels I better slay or, hey, my tape measure's greater
So now I'm askin' dips if they saw me, and they was available
Would they want me to nail 'em all?
Be through, screw, drive her crazy, maybe; nut and bolt, lively
Put on your high beams!
I proliferate a quicker fate to niggas, vigorous
Figure I kick stunts, I punch twice that nigga that's dissin' at me (Uh-huh)
Attach 'em to bats, latchin' and matchin' my cataclysm
I give 'em a schism, I stroke to croak 'em, I broke 'em
Chokin' up on my syntax, as I bend backs by im-impacts
Then I give a concussion in your nuts when I'm bustin'
Heads, dead with my lead graff, I cloth thee
I swing off-beat, off the cerebellum, swellin' membranes
Ten brains couldn't parallel this
I'm carouselin' kids while they wallow and swallow hollow tips
Yep, you follow and slippin', I'm rippin' mics nice twice
Like dicin' kids in fractions, yo, figure, I tax men
Steppin' to Casual — (That's when ya lost!)
What about Domino? — (That's when ya lost!)
But if you step to Snupe — (That's when ya lost!)
Steppin' to A-Plus? — (That's when ya lost!)
If you play with Tajai — (That's when ya lost!)
Man, steppin' to Opio? — (That's when ya lost!)
Steppin' to Phesto — (That's when ya lost!)
Fuck with Touré — (That's when ya lost!)
Yo! I'm willin' to bet you're willin' to sweat (Yeah!)
But illin' will get you bruised, I kill and I step to crews
And abuse twos and threes
Who's the G's that hoes know? (Me)
Me and Hiero, I know, I'm fly, bro!
So why flow if you're not invigoratin'? (Why?)
I know where you live, there at your crib, I got niggas waitin'
I figure rapin' is a crime, see
I take my time, B, and now your G is mine, G
Now I'm gonna show you how the West Coast smash kids
Yo! I'm rhymin' swell, so to hell with a wack diss!
Generalizin', dissin' before you've ever seen this
So you can get the middle (What middle?!) The penis
Never the match the miraculous tactics
I smack tricks, throw axes at your wack bitch
I crack bricks over dicks who can't come
I leave 'em broke and dumb
Deaf, and plus I'm causin' cardiac arrest, you need some rest
Check as I'm chiselin' riddles in your memory
Remember me? I hacked your body to pieces disassemblin' your flows
You bros started tremblin' from shock and trauma
I'm gonna end lives when I bomb-a
Babblin' dyslexic, I make 'em exit
This lifetime, I wake up words, I excite rhymes
I'm enthusin' when I'm bruisin'
Hoes take off their shoes when I abuse men
You're losin'
If you slept on Del — (That's when ya lost!)
Steppin' to Pep love — (That's when ya lost!)
Fuckin' around with J-Biz — (That's when ya lost!)
Step to Mike G! — (That's when ya lost!)
Smokin' on that crack rock — (That's when ya lost!)
The Souls of Mischief — (That's when ya lost!)
When you don't know where you're goin' — (That's when ya lost!)
When you don't win! — (That's when ya lost!)
Fuckin' around with Hieroglyphics — (That's when ya lost!)
If you fuck with the Shamen — (That's when ya lost!)
That's how you lose, proper — (That's when ya lost!)