I've been a little cynical about a lot of shit
So to sell this shit out in two fucking minutes is insane
So please sing this song if you know it with me, okay?
Yeah
Yeah
I've been a mess, I've been distressed
Can't say I'd do with somebody else (No, no)
Kiss on the neck, yeah, fake to impress
I've been just trying to let it go (Let it go)
Too much commotion, fightin' and floatin'
Baby, I'm too far gone
But you stuck with emotion
I hope you know what I've been saying
'Cause there's way too much to us, but maybe I got it all so wrong
And did I do too much? I want to know
Sing it
Would I still regret it?
Pickin' up my phone (Phone)
Talking's just so difficult, I'm cynical, but you
Wouldn't ever get it
I've been on my own (I've been on my own)
This love ain't so typical, it's criminal, baby
Alright (How would you know?)
All this love language gonna tick me off, maybe
I'd get it when you piss me off, baby (Oh, yeah)
Why tell me all the time we've spent is dead?
I guess it's just petty when you talk about our problems
Never gettin' really frustrated, you surprise me
I just wanna talk about our conscious
But I guess you just won't let it go
'Cause there's way too much to us, but maybe I got it all so wrong? (Maybe I got it all so wrong?)
And did I do too much? I want to—
One more time for me, sing that shit
Would I still regret it?
Pickin' up my phone (Phone)
Talking's just so difficult, I'm cynical, but you
Wouldn't ever get it (Get it)
I've been on my own (I've been on my own)
This love ain't so typical, it's criminal, baby
Yeah (How would you know?)
Now, let me introduce you to my band real quick now that we have some time
On the keys, we have the lovely Benjamin Dannug, make some noise
And on the bass, Charlie Tilton, oh my God, I love him
On the electric guitar and saxophone, Darren Lee, holy shit, my Korean goat
And on the lead guitar, Zachary Sommerfeld, play something for me, c'mon
Oh, keep going, keep going, keep going
And then finally, on the drums, the one and only
Noah Koslen, everybody, thank you
Oh, I love you guys
Alright