Ballout
Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, Lee Drilly
94Gz, no Gz like these, you heard?
We jack Bs, jack bigger Bs
Drop my shit, we gon' let it squeeze, boom (You know Borleone shot this shit)
Gang, Lee Drilly, uh (Gang, gang, gang)
So I'm feelin' like 50 (50)
Too many men tryna get up with me (Like, what? Like, what?)
But I stay with a gun, ready to get—
From the 4th with a 9, shootin' 'til its empty
Gotta keep it G
If you niggas broke, ain't no static with me, like (At all, at all)
'Cause it cost when you in the streets (On bro)
It's a difference between hatin' and beef (On b—)
So I'm feelin' like 50
Too many men tryna get up with me (50, like, what?)
But I stay with a gun, ready to get—
From the 4th with a 9, shootin' 'til its empty
Gotta keep it G
If you niggas broke, ain't no static with me, likе (At all)
'Cause it cost when you in the streets (On bro)
Its a diffеrence between hatin' and beef
And the shit that I do too deadly
Like tragic, I can't talk about about it (At all)
And the way that I move too steady
I'm tactic, I can't walk without it (I got it)
Run up, you a fool, I'm ready
Too savage, they put chalk around it (Boom)
Back door, get poofed, that's deady (Boom)
Like magic, 'cause we more than 'bout it
Where I'm from, cause stains for the block (Stain 'em)
Cause pain for the block, let it rain on the block, like (94)
Got a plan and it came with a plot
I was made for the spot, gotta take what I got, like
Young boy, but they tryna kill him (Like, why?)
Lost his bros to the goddamn system
Held it down, they was right there with him
Fight that case, just play like victim (Ten toes, ten toes, ten toes)
Billy still pour Wock' in his juice (Billy)
Jayden home, right to it, took his top off the roof
Yeah, I'm rappin', but got action, got tired of the booth
In the streets, run around like I don't got shit to lose (At all)
Thirty-six in my blunt, like, I'm ridin' with you
And brodie be buggin', throw like nine in the deuce (Wocky)
Got the young boy wildin', like five with a deuce
And he tryna shoot guns 'cause he tired of the booth (Boom)
R.I.P. Dummy, still slidin' for you (Dummy gang)
Oh, they spoke on your name? I'm on timin' for you
Said you livin' through me, so I'm dyin' for you (Facts)
Who you be? How you Jet? I can't fly it with you (Not Hound)
Pull a bitch like I can? I ain't tryin' with you
Yeah, that pussy wet, but I'm tired of you
Like, you ain't the judge, I ain't lyin' to you (You ain't the judge)
And if you ain't the law, I ain't hidin' from you (You ain't the boys)
And these niggas gon' change like the season (That's a fact)
Feel like Roz', how these niggas, they schemin'
Was a nerd up in school, now he geekin' (Geek, geek, geek, geek, geek, geek)
Got a broom and a mop, not for cleanin'
If he dies, then he dies, I'ma leave him
Stretched out like right there bleedin' (Boom)
So it's clear that I'm here for a reason
'Cause he threw like I threw, but that nigga ain't breathin' (He dead)
So I'm feelin' like 50 (50)
Too many men tryna get up with me (Like, what? Like, what?)
But I stay with a gun ready to get—
From the 4th with a 9, shootin' 'til its empty (Boom)
Gotta keep it G (Boom)
If you niggas broke, ain't no static with me, like (Grrah, grrah, boom)
'Cause it cost when you in the streets (Boom 'em, boom 'em)
It's a difference between hatin' and beef (Ballout)
It's that Lee Drilly nigga, you heard? Drop four, I'm uppin' the nine
94Gz, no Gz like these, you heard?
Mr. The Reason Your Mother Told You Stay Off The Corner, nigga
Demon child