The Devil went down to Georgia
He was lookin' for a soul to steal
He was in a bind 'cause he was way behind
He was willing to make a deal
When he came across this young man sawin' on a fiddle and playin' it hot
And the Devil jumped upon a hickory stump and said "Boy, let me tell you what."
"I guess you didn't know it, but I'm a fiddle player, too
And if you'd care to take a dare I'll make a bet with you
Now you play a pretty good fiddle, boy, but give the Devil his due
I'll bet a fiddle of gold against your soul 'cause I think I'm better than you."
The boy said, "My name's Johnny, and it might be a sin
But I'll take your bet, and you're gonna regret, 'cause I'm the best there's ever been."
Johnny, rosin up your bow and play your fiddle hard
'Cause Hell's broke loose in Georgia and the Devil deals the cards
And if you win you get this shiny fiddle made of gold
But if you lose the devil gets your soul
The Devil opened up his case and he said, "I'll start this show."
And fire flew from his fingertips as he rosined up his bow
And he pulled the bow across the strings and it made an evil hiss (REEEEEEE)
And a band of demons joined in and it sounded something like this:
When the Devil finished, Johnny said, "Well, you're pretty good ol' son
But sit down in that chair right there and let me show you how it's done."
"Fire on the Mountain" Run, boys, run!
The Devil's in the house of the rising sun
"Fire on the Mountain" Run, boys, run!
The Devil's in the house of the rising sun
"Fire on the Mountain" Run, boys, run!
The granny, does your dog bite? No, child, no
Ocean man
Take me by the hand
Lead me to the land
That you understand
How many shrimps do you have to eat
Before you make your skin turn pink?
Eat too much and you'll get siis
What if your face was made of bumblebees?
You would be like:
AHHHHH!
Well, that was a load of shit
Ah dang rastubfari, do you know?
That you're a fucking dog?
(Oh, mamma mia, mamma mia) Mamma mia, let me go
Beelzebub has a devil-
The devil nodded off because he knew that he was stoned
And he asked if he could buy an ounce of the stuff that Johnny owned
Johnny said devil just come on back if you ever want to catch a buzz
I done told you once you son of a bitch mine's the best the best the best the best the best
(I think we did that joke already)
Fired up doobies one by one
Ain't gonna stop till the bag is done
Green as a bull frog sticky as glue
Granny do you get high? Yes, I do
Put my penis in your face